Uh-oh.
Arai, you just... went down the stairs, right?
What?
Kobeni! Make peace signs and stand still.
Uh...
Oh, my.
Aki, what do you make of this?
Must be a devil's ability.
Kobeni, stand there.
Huh?
Why is there a room
on the other side of the windows?
Hey! We can't get out through any of the windows!
They just loop back to the other side!
Just as I feared, then.
We can't leave the eighth floor.
Let's look at our situation.
Likely due to a devil's ability, whether we go up or down the stairs, we end up on the eighth floor again.
For some reason, we can't use the elevator.
We can't get out via the windows in the rooms.
Going through the ceiling
also leads back to the eighth floor.
It's probably because
Power killed that devil just now.
It died with its ability to lock people in activated.
That devil was—
You said to kill it!
Did not!
When a devil dies, its abilities
are deactivated, so it can't be that.
Aki, how is the flesh piece reacting?
Well...
It's stopped reacting entirely.
So it used that small devil to lure us into a trap.
I've never seen a devil act in such a roundabout way.
But if we stay trapped in here for long enough,
other devil hunters will come to our aid...
And we'll need to pray
that they don't get trapped just like us.
We're all going to die here.
We're going to starve to death.
Kobeni! Get a grip!
Remember how you want to make money
to send your brother to university!
That was basically forced on me.
My brother is very smart, so my parents
had me work to get money for his education.
It was either prostitution or devil hunting.
I wanted to go to university too!
B-But I'm going to die in this place!
That face!
You piece of shit!
Stop laughing!
Kobeni, devils love fear.
If you get scared,
you're giving them what they want.
But I am scared!
Thinking about something, Aki?
The clock.
It's been stuck at 8:18 this whole time.
The clocks in all the rooms
are stuck at the same time.
It's possible that a devil's ability
has stopped time on this floor.
If that's the case, no help is likely to come.
Awesome!
We can sleep all we want!
How stupid are you?!
We might be stuck in here forever!
We might, or we might not.
Wake me up when you find out.
Look at this nice bed.
It's a waste not to sleep in it.
Thanks for the free nap, mister devil.
He's out...
Denji!
Denji, wake up already.
What, did we escape already?
Unfortunately, not yet.
We did find out that we have running water and electricity.
And we found some food that the guests
left behind when they fled the hotel.
But really, we're all close to our wits' ends.
Aki keeps looking for the devil.
I told him to rest a bit, but he won't listen.
Arai was helping Aki at the start,
but now he's succumbed to fear
and is holed up in one of the rooms.
Kobeni went a little crazy and tried to drink
water from a toilet, so I knocked her out.
As for the fiend girl...
What's Power doing?
I was bored, so I came up with a Nobel prize.
If I invent a new Nobel prize, humans are going to prostrate themselves before me.
And then I'll use that situation to become the prime minister!
After all, I wish to see humans suffering.
I'll start by raising the sales tax rate to 100%!
She seems normal to me.
Ah.
Alrighty, then.
Let's all keep an eye on Kobeni and Arai.
Well, here goes my last cigarette.
It's boring how calm you are.
Aki is working hard, so I can take it easy.
There's also the power of nicotine.
It's nice being dependent on something.
Who doesn't want something they can depend on in their life?
That cigarette brand seems familiar.
Well, I was the one who introduced Aki
to the taste of cigarettes.
Want a cig, Aki?
Smoking erodes the bones.
It helps you socialize, though.
I don't intend to get close to anyone.
Let me guess why you've come to the Bureau.
To kill the Gun Devil, right?
Every gloomy person in here came for that reason.
This is the only place allowed to have pieces of it.
As a devil hunter, you're not likely
to live too long, so might as well smoke.
I won't die that easily.
Yeah, please don't.
It's a huge hassle to have your partner die.
What was that?
It's common to get trouble
from a dead partner's loved ones.
She doesn't have the power to kill the devil,
so she takes it out on me.
Well, I tend to just think of it
as part of a devil hunter's job.
What did you do?
I secretly stuck some gum to her clothes.
What?!
She got what she deserved.
It's not about you. She just annoyed me.
So I got back at her.
Serves her right.
She'll go on with her life without noticing the gum.
Well, you know, my teacher once told me this.
It's not the strongest or bravest hunters
that the devils fear most.
It's the crazy ones.
So I think you'll survive for longer.
Is that sarcasm?
I'll take your dessert if you're not eating it.
You can have this.
They erode the bones.
Really?
Looks like we're going to be together
for quite a while, so it'd be nice if you smoked too.
Fine, I'll smoke one.
And this will be the only one I smoke with you.
Himeno, do you have any smokes left?
Sorry. This is the last one.
Then let me have it.
Really?
Okay, I guess.
That's a kiss!
No fair!
An indirect kiss!
Shut up.
I have bad news.
We killed a devil, right?
The one I killed!
It's growing bigger.
I'm sure I killed it.
It can't get out of the hotel.
I've never seen such a shape.
What devil is this?
Humans!
Hear me, humans.
Hear me, foolish humans.
I wish to negotiate a contract.
It talks!
A contract?
Let me eat the human you call Denji.
I don't mind if he's dead.
Let me eat him.
If you do, I shall let all the other
devil hunters exit unharmed.
Exit unharmed.
Make the contract!
Denji.
Get eaten.
Keep it down, will ya?
Aki, can't you just have the Fox swallow it and get this over with?
Yip.
Seems like the Fox can't get here,
because this space is isolated from the outside.
Yeah, its body is all the way in Kyoto.
Guess I'll use my Ghost then.
Ugh!
It got bigger.
It's no use.
This is not my actual body.
My heart isn't here.
This is the inside of my belly.
My weak point is not on the eighth floor.
The only way to get out alive
is to make the contract.
Hmph!
It's not like you'll actually let them out after you kill me.
You're wrong.
It's saying "contract", right?
When a devil uses the word "contract",
that holds great power.
If one side upholds their end,
the other is also forced to.
If they don't, they die.
So there's no doubt
it would let us out if we gave you to it.
Himeno, we should kill him.
After that's done and we're out, we can consider our options.
Otherwise we'll all just starve to death in here.
It's even allowed by law for hunters
to make contracts with devils.
We should make that contract!
The devil wants to kill Denji.
That means Denji's death
would be to the devil's advantage.
So we can't agree to it.
I'm with Aki, then.
Really?!
I'm for killing him!
For real?
Even if I come up with a Nobel prize,
I can't announce it unless I get out.
Die for my Nobel!
A fiend cannot form a contract with a devil.
So if you kill Denji, the devil won't be forced to let us out.
In any case, we're not killing him.
We're devil hunters.
We only kill devils.
Tch.
I'm bored. Let's sumo wrestle!
I don't wanna play after you said to kill me!
I'm hungry.
Aki, do you actually have a plan for how to get out?
If we trust what it says, that means we can't kill it.
But I don't intend to kill Denji either.
But we're going to starve unless we do something.
If we run out of options, I'll use the sword.
That's not an option.
If using the sword would solve this,
why don't you do it?
Even if we run out of options,
we're not using the sword.
If we get to that point, I'm sorry, but...
you'll have to die.
What?
Gone?!
It's gone!
All the food we left on the bed is gone!
How?
Did you eat all of it?!
It wasn't me. It was Denji.
That's an obvious lie!
I get it!
I finally get it!
It's that fiend's ability that's trapping us here!
I'm sure of it!
Nope.
Calm down, Kobeni!
She's the Blood Fiend!
You're taking a fiend's side?
We're supposed to be devil hunters!
Arai, you're on their side!
You were a spy all along!
He's a pie?
I-I'm not on their side...
You're definitely a spy!
A scream?
Himeno, run!
Kill Denji and give me his heart!
Give it!
I swell with fear.
I am fear!
Fear more!
Fear death!
Fear everything!
I'm going to kill Chainsaw.
Me!
The Eternity Devil!
The floor slanted!
Give me Denji's heart!
Please!
Someone please kill Denji!
Please do it!
This is getting bad!
Let's feed him to the devil!
I'll use the sword.
You agree, right, Himeno?
Himeno?!
Hey, hey!
What are you doing?
If he uses the sword, we'll be able to get out.
But then the contract would shave off
a big chunk of Aki's lifespan.
And he still has a lot of things to accomplish.
So, I'm sorry, Denji.
Forgive me!
Hey! Get off me!
Let go!
Die!
I agree that he's a disgusting piece of shit,
who deserves to be stabbed,
but he strives to kill the Gun Devil.
I can't kill the Gun Devil on my own.
I'd like to have every single
devil hunter with the guts to face it.
Even if it means I shorten my own life,
I won't let Denji die!
Power!
You're the Blood Fiend, right?
Can you stop his bleeding?
I can only freely command my own blood.
Manipulating another's is difficult.
But if Topknot dies, there will be
no human to make me meals.
I suppose I can do something.
What do I do?
What do I do?!
Aki! Aki! Aki!
I-It's not my fault!
It's you!
It's all your fault!
If only you'd just quietly gotten eaten,
everything would have been fine!
Okay, fine then!
I'll go get eaten then.
I'm so relieved.
But I'm not going quietly.
If I do manage to kill the devil,
then...
I haven't forgotten about that kiss!
Have you any idea of how to kill it?
It hurts a lot, but I'll become Chainsaw.
Ch-Chainsaw?
I'm not sure why, but that devil seems scared of my Chainsaw.
That's why it's telling you all to kill me
rather than attacking me directly.
Also, when you hit it, it seemed to feel pain.
And that means...
I just need to make the pain so unbearable
that it kills itself!
That how a devil would think!
You protected me.
Mind your own business, shithead.
I'm sick of owing people stuff!
If we get out of this, I'm calling us even!
I've been around the world, but there's still things I've never had to see
Things so awful and repulsive that it all would blur
When folks get to pushin' thirty, no one wants to stay single
Like a dog with no one to snuggle with, you're feelin' kinda lonely
Don't even know how fast I'll go
I'm movin' forwards even though
I should've lost my way so many miles ago
I'm in a place that's gone insane
And something's been maddening my brain
By all accounts, I should've lost it
Our cerebral rendezvous
Just gotta dance through our dependence
We're all screamin', we're all laughin', that's how we live our lives
Our cerebral rendezvous
It's when we dance with pride and hubris
We're all screamin', we're all laughin', that's how we live our lives
I've been around the world, but there's still things I've never had to see
Things so awful and repulsive that it all would blur
When folks get to pushin' thirty, no one wants to stay single
Like a dog with no one to snuggle with, you're feelin' kinda lonely
Don't even know how fast I'll go
I'm movin' forwards even though
I should've lost my way so many miles ago
I'm in a place that's gone insane
And something's been maddening my brain
By all accounts, I should've lost it
Our cerebral rendezvous
Just gotta dance through our dependence
We're all screamin', we're all laughin', that's how we live our lives
Our cerebral rendezvous
It's when we dance with pride and hubris
We're all screamin', we're all laughin', that's how we live our lives
I've been around the world, but there's still things I've never had to see
Things so awful and repulsive that it all would blur
When folks get to pushin' thirty, no one wants to stay single
Like a dog with no one to snuggle with, you're feelin' kinda lonely
Don't even know how fast I'll go
I'm movin' forwards even though
I should've lost my way so many miles ago
I'm in a place that's gone insane
And something's been maddening my brain
By all accounts, I should've lost it
Our cerebral rendezvous
Just gotta dance through our dependence
We're all screamin', we're all laughin', that's how we live our lives
Our cerebral rendezvous
It's when we dance with pride and hubris
We're all screamin', we're all laughin', that's how we live our lives